profile/README.md, before:

<a href="https://axepress.dev"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AxeWP/.github/main/profile/assets/axepress-header.png" alt="AxePress Development - Headless WordPress Solutions"></a>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/AxeWP" alt="GitHub Sponsors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor%20Us&message=%E2%9D%A4&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a> <a href="mailto:support@axepress.dev"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Get%20Support&message=%E2%9C%89&color=2075b9&style=for-the-badge" /></a><br>
</div>

#

[AxePress Development](https://axepress.dev) is a web development agency dedicated to providing open-source solutions for Headless WordPress sites, and growing the [WPGraphQL](https://wpgraphql.com) ecosystem.

We care deeply about the WPGraphQL ecosystem. Every dollar sponsored doesn't just go towards support and continued development of our plugins, but allows us to work on new open-source solutions and contribute back to WPGraphQL core and the Headless WordPress community.

## Getting Support 
We provide free basic support for all our plugins in their respective GitHub repositories, as well as in the [WPGraphQL Community on Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/wp-graphql/shared_invite/zt-3vloo60z-PpJV2PFIwEathWDOxCTTLA). Additional tiers of support are available to our [Github Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/AxeWP).

We also offer paid support for other WPGraphQL extensions, as well as custom development services.

Commit message:

chore: add projects to readme

profile/README.md, after:

<a href="https://axepress.dev"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AxeWP/.github/main/profile/assets/axepress-header.png" alt="AxePress Development - Headless WordPress Solutions"></a>
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/AxeWP" alt="GitHub Sponsors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Sponsor%20Us&message=%E2%9D%A4&logo=GitHub&color=%23fe8e86&style=for-the-badge" /></a> <a href="mailto:support@axepress.dev"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Get%20Support&message=%E2%9C%89&color=2075b9&style=for-the-badge" /></a><br>
</div>

#

[AxePress Development](https://axepress.dev) is a web development agency dedicated to providing open-source solutions for Headless WordPress sites, and growing the [WPGraphQL](https://wpgraphql.com) ecosystem.

We care deeply about the WPGraphQL ecosystem. Every dollar sponsored doesn't just go towards support and continued development of our plugins, but allows us to work on new open-source solutions and contribute back to WPGraphQL core and the Headless WordPress community.

## Our Projects
- [Headless Login for WPGraphQL](https://github.com/harness-software/wp-graphql-headless-login) - Adds support for a variety of login and authentication methods to WPGraphQL
- [WPGraphQL for Gravity Forms](https://github.com/harness-software/wp-graphql-gravity-forms) - Adds [Gravity Forms](https://www.gravityforms.com/) support to WPGraphQL
- [WPGraphQL for FacetWP](https://github.com/hsimah-services/wp-graphql-facetwp) - Adds [FacetWP](https://facetwp.com/) support to WPGraphQL
- [WPGraphQL for RankMath SEO](https://github.com/axewp/wp-graphql-rank-math) - Adds [RankMath SEO](https://rankmath.com/) support to WPGraphQL
- [WPGraphQL Stubs](https://github.com/axewp/wp-graphql-stubs) - Adds stubs for WPGraphQL to your IDE or static analysis tool
- [WPGraphQL Plugin Boilerplate](https://github.com/axewp/wp-graphql-plugin-boilerplate) - A boilerplate for creating WPGraphQL extensions


## Getting Support 
We provide free basic support for all our plugins in their respective GitHub repositories, as well as in the [WPGraphQL Community on Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/wp-graphql/shared_invite/zt-3vloo60z-PpJV2PFIwEathWDOxCTTLA). Additional tiers of support are available to our [Github Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/AxeWP), or via a [custom support plan](https://axepress.dev/services).

We also offer paid support for other WPGraphQL extensions, as well as custom development services.
